README.md, before:

# listLessV2

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

Commit message:

update read me with description/ built with/ roadmap

README.md, after:

# listLessV2

A web app to help list collectible trading cards faster on ebay to sell.

Version 1 was created with Electron for file system access, but I was always drag and dropping files anyways. So to create features faster, I migrated to a web app with Vue.

### Built with

- Vue 3
- Pinia

### Roadmap

- [x] Migrate code from Listless v1
- [ ] Find and Incorporate a YuGiOh API
- [ ] Make a fetch request to ebay to create listings
- [ ] Web scrape or GET prices from sold listings on ebay
- [ ] Calculate a selling price
- [ ] Queue/Schedule listings

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```
